The Joe Rogan experience. Hey, uh, did you watch the Canella fight this weekend?
I was.
Working, ah, yout. See it at all. You, I saw the highlights. Jesus broke.
His face, bro. He hits so hard. Broke that orbital bone.
He's one of those guys that like, you know, some guys just have power. Right.
But he works on it all the time. That's.
What I say. He's the most, I, every fight. He's the most improved fighter.
He always goes back and fixes anything. He saw wrong. Yep.
Well the Danny Jacob's fight. Remember his head movement. Yep. It's I mean, it.
Gave Danny problems.
We give anybody problems,
but it was also like he was showing his head movement in that.
Fight. Yeah. Cuz they used to say he just walked right in and then he fixed it.
There was a, a video of fix it. There's a video of Deontay Wilder. Uh, the,
yesterday I saw it and he's looking really good. Malik Malik,
Scott King is training him now. What is he doing with him? Oh,
he looks like a completely different fighter. I think if you could find that.
Oh.
Is he like using a lot of jabs is jab.
Jab video and planning his feet and it looks like a boxer now.
He doesn't look like a wild man. Just leaping off his throw.
These wild punches looks and I'm excited to see his him fight now because he
looked really sharp. Looked like a real boxer now.
Don't you think he needs uh, a few fights like that with lower,
lower tier competition. Look.
At that. Yeah. Look at that. Sitting on him. Bam.
The jab is very important. He's gonna need some, you know,
some tuneup fights. Don't you think he.
Should definitely have a, just to see how that style works in the ring,
but he is moving. You see the way he is moving. He never move.
Like that. But again,
he's a guy that has preposterous power. Yeah.
Isn't it. Power's so weird. You.
Know it is cuz he's so thin, you know like where's it coming from? Well,
Tommy Herns. Yeah. Well Tommy. Yeah. To.
Tommy Herns had he knocked Roberto Duran out cold. The only guy ever. Yeah.
Second round.
There's just guys that just have preposterous power and Canello is a guy that
has power, but is constantly working on.
There's a great clip of him working with, uh, Andrew Ruiz and their uh,
you know, that, that shield,
that weird hand shield what they hold up when you hold for hooks. And he's like,
this is not for speed. This is just power. Just power. He's like don't,
don't try to be fast with this just power and you see him, just
everything is.
And so in that fight with Billy Joe and Billy Joe kept doing that,
that same lean over and over, like after he would punch,
he would lean outta the way and he just timed it perfectly with that upper cut
and through everything in.
It. Yeah. That's the thing. He, he really watches you in a fight. HES, not some,
some knucklehead who knows how to he really pays it. He's very aware. Yes.
And to me, I was never a Canello guy before, but after the past five fights,
I was like, you know what? If I'm not a Canello fan, now I'm a hater,
but I am a fan now cuz I really appreciate his work ethic, you know?
And the way he.
Look at him this, see it, see it's about power. Yeah. See, this is,
this is the thing they're working on. They just that's good.
And he'll do that over and over and over again.
So he's the guy who already had big power,
but he's constantly working and developing that power. So like in a fight,
like the Saunders fight,
there was massive consequences to anything that Saunders did Canello is in this
weird place where he is kind of cleaned out the division. Right.
He's got Caleb plant. Right. And not just that division,
he's kind of cleaned out a lot of division. Triple G is still in the,
in the running, which is interesting because he hasn't fought in two years. No,
he fought recently. Triple G fought. He fought last year. Yeah.
It's been a year though. Definitely. Since he fought last, um,
I don't think it's quite a year. Cause I, I was in Texas.
I watched it in Texas live or yeah. Yeah. Um, see, find out when he,
when he font, but he looked good, dude. He not only looked good.
He looked ripped. So I was like, Hmm. toast please.
<laugh> cause he is like 38 and oh he's got, I think he,
he is bordering 40 real quick right now looked as good as he is ever looked.
He looked phenomenal December. Oh December. There you go. Oh, okay.
So it's not been that long then. Yeah. So, uh, yeah, so, oh,
so wait, is he fighting when he? Is he fighting again then? Well,
they're talking about him possibly fighting Canello he's I don't think that's a
good fight for him anymore for him. Maybe not,
but maybe the last chance at romance.
I mean how much more of an option does he have? I mean, where's he gonna go?
Where, what else does he have? But the first fight I thought he won. Definitely.
I was at that one. Yeah. I thought he won the first fight. I was ringside there.
The second, very close, very close.
And Teddy Atlas was saying they should have given it to triple G.
A lot of other people favored Canello but a much better performance for Canello.
But I think Canello as, like we said, these, these guys like Kamar,
Usman like Canello Alvarez. Like these guys who are just consummate champions,
you's just gonna get a better version of them.
Every single time they step into the ring, catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience on
Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.